to see the technology actually start in
the lab and make it to a point where
actually affecting somebody it's pretty
powerful I never knew that Bionic
technology existed to a point where it
was going to be used this soon in my
life
can you tell me a little bit about the
technology that I'm looking at right now
I mean this thing is walking so this is
EXO we like to think of it as a wearable
robot okay and it's been designed to
help people with spinal cord injuries
actually stand up and walk so is there
any way that I could actually test out
the technology so we always start with a
walker it gives us the most stability
okay and so the first thing we're gonna
have to do is totally stand out the
robot is gonna do all of the work for
you for your legs okay so your knees and
your hips are gonna be taken care of
1 2 3 whoa wow that's such a weird
sensation it feels like it weighs
nothing exactly all the way to the exo
goes down around on the side of your
body Ollie to the ground so you don't
feel anything if I'm a spinal cord
injury patient today and I have
completely no control of my lower legs
the exoskeleton is a great tool for
helping them walk through a specified
gait pattern you're walking and as you
progress through with the walker then we
can graduate to crutches it's it's a lot
bigger though than I expected - we like
to think of this as the first suit case
cell phone of the Bionic industry so our
goal obviously is to make it smaller as
we as we progress and as we get to that
personal advice that doesn't need all
the adjustability and other features
that this has for the rehab environment
we got to keep pushing the technology
for all of our users out there they're
counting on us now to have that next
device that's out on the market that
they can take home with them
in October 2008 I was in a motorcycle
accident I was involved in a head-on
collision on a mountain road with the
car doctor say I have no chance of
walking again
being a police officer being in the
military I was always used to you know
just up and running always going and so
now it was relearning how to walk and it
was taking away from my moment of
realizing how tall I was again and then
I was actually walking that my knees
were bending and I was you know I had a
heel strike and it was with a robot